my first assignment Day 1 Lab Assignments Do the following Assignments (Try to make your pages HTML5 valid, and don’t use deprecated tags or attributes): 1- Start to create your personal website, create new folder that will contains all site pages and another new folder inside it for website resources (images, media,...). 2- Create welcome page and name it (welcome.htm) that contains a welcome statement and your name in new line, and welcome image on the center of the page. a. Change the font and color of the welcome statement. b. Change the background color of the page. c. Make the page after 5 seconds; redirect the user to another page named (Home.htm). d. Make (skip Intro) link on the center bottom of the page that skips welcome page, and opens (Home.html) page in the same browser window. 3- Create the Home page and name it (Home.html), and add the following on it (as shown in the image below): a. Add your Name in the center of the page as the page main header b. Add your personal information in bullet list on the left. c. Then put your personal photo (on the right), d. Finally add a brief about yourself (Make a long text on about me, to show vertical scroll on the page, and so you need to scroll to reach the end of the page) e. Change your name to be in Arabic? i. You need to use meta tag to change the page character encoding, what is it? f. Add horizontal line after “about me” section, and then Create div in the bottom of home page (after the horizontal line) include 3 links (Home, About, Contact me) to (top part of home page (bookmark), page named About.htm, page named Contact.htm). g. In the footer add your social media links (each one is an image link, when clicked opens the clicked social profile in a new window). h. Handle the below image , to be a link to the top of page (Bookmark). i. The home page should look as the following after you finish it:
